Improve docs on testing AD gradients (#210)
JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl: docs/src/index.md

that we do not know an `rrule` for, and we want to check whether the gradients provided by the AD system are correct.

> To test gradients the AD system will need to overload `rrule_via_ad` function which wraps the gradients computed by AD.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
To test gradients the AD system you need to provide a `rrule_f` function that acts like calling `rrule` but use AD rather than a defined rule.
This has the exact same semantics as is required to overload `ChainRulesCore.rrule_via_ad`, thus almost all systems doing so should just overload that, and pass in that and the config, and then trigger `test_rrule(MyADConfig, f, xs; rrule_f = ChainRulesCore.rrule_via_ad)`.
```
